AST-3501 - Fix: Multiple PHP warning after updating latest php version. (#5414)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Blog Archive - Read More button not working with the excerpt when the Left Sidebar layout is active.
- Fix: Customizer - Blog - Design tab section seems blank when Astra Pro is active and all pro addons are disabled.
- Fix: Block - Embed/YouTube block not working inside nested blocks from Custom Layouts.

> - Fix: PHP notice "Warning: Attempt to read property "name"/"rewrite" and some other warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Breadcrumb - PHP warnings while accessing "name"/"rewrite" properties of the post object.
```
